


department of computer science - donald bren school of information & computer sciences – department of computer science - donald bren school of information & computer sciences



 


































explore

contact us


faculty
research

research areas
research centers


graduate degrees

computer science programs
current graduate students


undergraduate degrees
news  & events

news
seminar series
distinguished lecture series
research showcase


apply now

undergraduate admissions
graduate admissions
faculty candidates










uci-led project seeks to combat wildfires










uci researchers’ deep learning algorithm solves rubik’s cube faster than any human










uci computer scientists breathe life into venice biennale installations










ics alumnus nithin jilla’s nonprofit inspires students to love stem











the department of computer science is internationally recognized as a unique group of faculty, visiting researchers, students and educational programs, which provide a world-class research environment that goes well beyond the core areas of computer science. our curricula, faculty and research areas focus on an array of topics, including algorithms and complexity; artificial intelligence and machine learning; biomedical informatics and computational biology; computer architecture and design; computer graphics and visualization; computer vision; databases and data mining; embedded systems; medical informatics; multimedia computing; networks and distributed systems; operating systems; programming languages and systems; scientific and numerical computing; security, privacy and cryptography; and software engineering.


faculty recruitment
uci’s department of computer science is seeking exceptional candidates for multiple tenured/tenure-track professor positions and part-time lecturer positions. a detailed description of each position, and application instructions, can be found here.


job opportunities
for a listing of current academic positions open in the computer science department, visit the academic recruitment website.

recruitment alert: ics is looking for qualified midcareer professors, such as advanced assistant professors or tenured associate to early full professors, as part of our midcareer professor hiring initiative. apply online!
the cs department is inviting applications for a “professor of teaching in computer science” faculty position with security of employment. this position parallels the tenure track faculty research series starting in academic year 2017-2018.



cs distinguished lecture series
january 10, 2020 • 11 a.m. • dbh 6011
gul agha
professor emeritus of computer science at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign; interim ceo of embedor technologies
“scalable programming: progress, prospects and challenges”
winter 2020 seminar schedule »



distinguished lecture series
join us in donald bren hall 6011 for this free lecture series, which is sponsored by the department of computer science. more information »
may 12, 2017renée j. miller
professor of computer science, university of toronto
donald bren hall, room 6011
11:00am – 12:00pm“evaluating data integration and data curation systems”
abstract/bio

  latest news


computer science majors preston tai and brandon tom appointed urop fellows
january 24, 2020


uci-led project seeks to combat wildfires
january 17, 2020


zotbins and zero waste anteaters support uc goal for 2020
january 13, 2020


ph.d. student phanwadee sinthong and professor carey win best student paper award
january 3, 2020


explore virtual reality with new vr headsets loan program and workshop
december 17, 2019



 





© 2020 uc regents
feedback
privacy policy



 






