


department of statistics - donald bren school of information & computer sciences – department of statistics - donald bren school of information & computer sciences





























department of statistics - donald bren school of information & computer sciencesdepartment of statistics - donald bren school of information & computer sciences
explore

chair’s welcome
what is statistics?
contact the department
tutoring resources


faculty

faculty directory
job opportunities


research
graduate degrees

m.s. & ph.d. in statistics
current course listings
graduate student directory
internships & employment opportunities
employers of uci statistics students


undergraduate degrees

b.s. in data science
minor in statistics
current course listings


news & seminars

news
seminars


center for statistical consulting








meet our faculty










explore our research










discover our graduate programs











for almost 20 years, uci’s department of statistics has continued to grow as a leader in creating statistical methodology for use in data science applications. with an emphasis on research in statistical theory and interdisciplinary collaborations, the department has grown over the years to house the center for statistical consulting, providing statistical expertise through collaborative relationships with researchers across the campus and community, and was one of the first in the world to offer an undergraduate degree in data science. explore the statistics website to learn more about our accomplishments and how you can become part of our community.

job opportunities
for a listing of current academic positions open in the statistics department, visit the academic recruitment website.
  latest news


statistics ph.d. student mary ryan receives public impact fellowship
december 20, 2019


professor berrocal elected chair of the section in environmental sciences of the isba
december 10, 2019


staff spotlight: rosemary busta’s journey from chemistry to statistics to scotland and beyond
december 4, 2019


kpcc: “vexed by college statistics courses? new approaches emphasize practical learning” (jessica utts interviewed)
october 25, 2019


laist: “socal professors push to make college-level statistics less painful ” (jessica utts quoted)
october 22, 2019



 news archive


 





© 2020 uc regents
feedback
privacy policy








