


chair’s message 


























department of statistics - donald bren school of information & computer sciencesdepartment of statistics - donald bren school of information & computer sciences
explore

chair’s welcome
what is statistics?
contact the department
tutoring resources


faculty

faculty directory
job opportunities


research
graduate degrees

m.s. & ph.d. in statistics
current course listings
graduate student directory
internships & employment opportunities
employers of uci statistics students


undergraduate degrees

b.s. in data science
minor in statistics
current course listings


news & seminars

news
seminars


center for statistical consulting
chair’s message
statistics is the science concerned with developing and studying methods for collecting, analyzing, interpreting and presenting empirical data.
statistical principles and methods are important for addressing questions in public policy, medicine, industry and virtually every branch of science.
interest in statistical methods has increased dramatically with the abundance of large databases in fields like computer science (internet and web traffic), business and marketing (transaction records), and biology (the human genome and related data).
it is the substantial questions in the various areas of application that drive the development of new statistical methods and motivate the mathematical study of the methods’ properties.
uci’s department of statistics was created in 2002 with an emphasis on research in statistical theory and interdisciplinary collaborations and is actively recruiting additional members.
the department also intends to capitalize on existing statistical expertise in other bren school departments as well as other schools at uci.
welcome to statistics at uci! don’t hesitate to contact me if you have questions that are not addressed on this web site.
dan gillen
professor and chair
department of statistics
  latest news


statistics ph.d. student mary ryan receives public impact fellowship
december 20, 2019


professor berrocal elected chair of the section in environmental sciences of the isba
december 10, 2019


staff spotlight: rosemary busta’s journey from chemistry to statistics to scotland and beyond
december 4, 2019


kpcc: “vexed by college statistics courses? new approaches emphasize practical learning” (jessica utts interviewed)
october 25, 2019


laist: “socal professors push to make college-level statistics less painful ” (jessica utts quoted)
october 22, 2019



 news archive


 





© 2020 uc regents
feedback
privacy policy








